Hello, I'm not Pranam, but Pranam couldn't be here because of all these visa problems
and things like this.
So I will be speaking on his behalf and plus I also work with him on this section so I
think it's okay.
Okay, so I'm Pedro by the way, Pedro Silva, so I'm now talking on behalf of Pranam.
So what is feature restrictions and feature locking?
It was a section developed by Pranam within Collab Online and the main goal here was to
add an additional lever, an additional option to any CIS admin.
So basically it's a switcher or perhaps better described as a set of switchers that allow
CIS admin to hide a set of features.
Maybe you want to restrict the usage of your resources or maybe other options.
Maybe you just want to avoid the users to use, I don't know, formatting a cell or something
like this.
There is a lot of these use cases that you can have for hiding those features, which
is useful.
So it's always this on, off, straight forward switcher.
But what if you do not want to hide completely the feature, you just want to lock it.
So imagine, I don't know, again a CIS admin, a hoster, an integrator, might have higher
ceiling, but that higher ceiling for system resources, they need to be maybe either paid
by the user, but still they want to offer this initial, I don't know, initial, this
hostage that they normally have packaged with completely gratis set of softwares.
And this is where feature locking enters in, so as it says here, it basically adds this
lock icon and then the user imaginary case scenario as a hosting, the user has a free
hosting plan or something like this and does as limit of system resources usage.
But then after clicks that icon, any of these locked icons sees a pop up to start to have
a proper hosting account.
So there's a lot of interesting use cases here.
But how this is done, so that's the interesting part I would say.
So there is these two key words, this is user locked and is user restrict.
And they are just, again, as I said, switchers, so on, off, through, false.
And this can be set in the cool WSTXML, so it's very easy, just open cool WSTXML, you
can even do it locally, you can try it, you can even lock it and then call your, I don't
know, brother or cousin that normally screws up all the formatting and tell him try to now
screw up and he cannot because all those formatting options are here.
So it's very interesting a joke to do.
And how this looks like, yeah, so this is an example, you see, he cannot mark any text
bold, even if he tries very hard, so it's an example or he can, but you see the italic
option disappears.
See the difference between restricted and locked, these cool WST options stated here.
So I think it's pretty much it.
Thanks for having me for the presentation.